Marc everything we have here in front of us
are the same flowers of orchids this
are all orchids may arts
who as soon as they are still
different
the orchids makes the family the most
rich and varied in the plant world
his twenty-two thousand species in the
world so we see well here the famous
fallen oak cissé we can see that there is
a single growth center from where
spell all the leaves words no 1
global one foot in the case of
dendrobium so these are saints
poggiale so we can see here a
multitude of boot feet at the base
foot and a common peculiarity of
all orchids is the perfect
symmetry of the flower they are
hiding what are called plants
epiphytes ie they will get
pose at the intersection of the branches of
tall trees in the forest and orchid
who want to transport either by
birds be by other animals will get
develop and she will push so her
completely alain roots when one is
in an apartment a house
does that mean they
ask a lot of light when one is
in this tropical forest we are under
tree cover
so they're still up
so when they are neither shadow with when
even periods of light that go
to pass between the foliage but that's
not at all full sun so it's
behind a bay window and we avoid
always the full sun on the
orchids at the level of the diggers that
it looks so much more so then
this rate that the wii because
naturally m6 family has roots
much stronger
but we see how on this plant there
we actually see roots that
are in the mix and roots that
are aerial what would be called who
are above the pot so its roots
we must not want to put them back
in the earth you have to leave them to
outside because they have a
quite exceptional ability what she
worth being able to capture moisture
and the nutrients of the air
the small fish compared to the
size of the plant then actually
there is a report to the plan that is very
lower in the hour that it is this
that we do not speak of soil but of a
mixture that is completely inert we have
mixed pine bark from the sfen
of the perlite of vermiculite he did
no nutritional value
it simply serves as the foundation for the incident
at the watering level benefits
how often according to the months of
the year the season if we want to do
simple you have to give back the same
conditions that these orchids have in the
rainforest in the rainforest
it's raining at once that is to say that
when watering an orchid at home
you really have to bathe several
we'll put it back in
do it two to three times and cons
after we can wait three weeks to
a month before their ticket the most
dangerous is to want to wet a
little bit every day at the end of
account we wet a little every day
we water leave especially we bring a
moisture that will evaporate I would say
in the day however we will empty the
saucer because otherwise it will cause
a rot it would be a humidity
constant that she does not claim a
another example that's how it's there
there is no support at all
roots or roots let them
go to read perfectly in the open air
and the plant will live all his daughter's
that way hooked and we got it
will bathe to moisten the breeds
risk putting it back into the hooked position
different supports of the house and the
small site to break and the goal
of course on the roots but as on
a little while orchids always very
very good to give a dampness especially
on the aerial roots